Restructure and update contributing guides (#871)
timescale/docs: contribute-to-timescaledb/index.md

# Contribute to TimescaleDB

> Join the community in making TimescaleDB even better. You can contribute to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Join the community ito make TimescaleDB even better. You can contribute to the
```

[TimescaleDB source code][github-timescaledb] and [documentation][github-docs],

> both of which available on GitHub. Issues and pull requests are highly welcome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
both of which are available on GitHub. Issues and pull requests are always welcome.
```
